NRI: add support for NRI with extended scope. (#6019)
containerd/containerd: docs/NRI.md

### NRI Support for CRI Containers

The containerd CRI plugin registers itself as an above mentioned NRI
Domain for the "k8s.io" namespace, to allow container configuration to be customized by external
NRI plugins. Currently this Domain interface is only implemented for
the original CRI `pkg/cri/server` implementation. Implementing it for
the more recent experimental `pkg/cri/sbserver` implementation is on
the TODO list.

### NRI Support for Other Container 'Domains'

The main reason for this split of functionality is to allow
 NRI plugins for other types of sandboxes and for other container clients other than just for CRI containers in the "k8s.io" namespace.

## Enabling NRI Support in Containerd

> Enabling and disabling NRI support in containerd happens by enabling or

Author: Ouch, I completely overlooked that. I changed the documentation according to the suggestion below to get rid of this problem.

disabling the common containerd NRI plugin. The plugin, and consequently
NRI functionality, is disabled by default. It can be enabled by adding
a configuration fragment like this to the containerd configuration:

```toml
  [plugins."io.containerd.nri.v1.nri"]

>     disable = false

Author: Updated the docs according to that. It explains what needs to be done and shows how the resulting NRI configuration toml section should look after editing.

# NRI Support In Containerd

## Node Resource Interface

NRI, the Node Resource Interface, is a common framework for plugging
extensions into OCI-compatible container runtimes. It provides basic
mechanisms for plugins to track the state of containers and to make
limited changes to their configuration.

NRI itself is agnostic to the internal implementation details of any
container runtime. It provides an adaptation library which runtimes
use to integrate to and interact with NRI and plugins. In principle

> any NRI plugin should be able to work with NRI-enabled runtime.

Reviewer: need to talk a bit about NRI as a grpc/ttrpc service api hosted by a container runtime that plugins connect with over a container runtime unix socket...

For a detailed description of NRI and its capabilities please take a
look at the [NRI respository](https://github.com/containerd/nri).

## Containerd NRI Integration

NRI support in containerd is split into two parts both logically and
physically. These parts are a common plugin (/nri/*) to integrate to

> NRI and CRI-specific bits (/pkg/cri/service/nri-api) of converting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NRI and CRI-specific bits (/pkg/cri/server/nri-api) which convert
```

data between the runtime-agnostic NRI representation and the internal
representation of the CRI plugin.

### Containerd NRI Plugin

The containerd common NRI plugin implements the core logic of integrating
to and interacting with NRI. However, it does this without any knowledge
about the internal representation of containers or pods within containerd.
It defines an additional interface, Domain, which is used whenever the
internal representation of a container or pod needs to be translated to
the runtime agnostic NRI one, or when a configuration change requested by

> an external NRI plugin needs to be applied to a container within continerd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an external NRI plugin needs to be applied to a container within containerd. `Domain` can be considered as a short-cut name for Domain-Namespace as Domain implements the functions the generic NRI interface needs to deal with pods and containers from a particular containerd namespace. As a reminder, containerd namespaces isolate state between clients of containerd. E.g. "k8s.io" for the kubernetes CRI clients, "moby" for docker clients, ... and "containerd" as the default for containerd/ctr.
```

### NRI Support for CRI Containers

The containerd CRI plugin registers itself as an above mentioned NRI

> Domain, to allow container configuration to be customized by external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain for the "k8s.io" namespace, to allow container configuration to be customized by external
```

NRI plugins. Currently this Domain interface is only implemented for
the original CRI `pkg/cri/server` implementation. Implementing it for
the more recent experimental `pkg/cri/sbserver` implementation is on
the TODO list.

### NRI Support for Other Container 'Domains'

> The main reason for this split of functionality is that it should allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main reason for this split of functionality is to allow
```

> us to experiment with exposing other than just CRI containers to NRI with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 NRI plugins for other types of sandboxes and for other container clients other than just for CRI containers in the "k8s.io" namespace.
```

> relative ease, by implementing the necessary 'Domain's for those (within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> containerd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Enabling NRI Support in Containerd

Enabling and disabling NRI support in containerd happens by enabling or
disabling the common containerd NRI plugin. The plugin, and consequently
NRI functionality, is disabled by default. It can be enabled by adding
a configuration fragment like this to the containerd configuration:

```toml
  [plugins."io.containerd.nri.v1.nri"]
    disable = false
```

In addition to this, you need to put a runtime agnostic NRI configuration
file in place, to let NRI itself know that it is enabled. You can do this
by creating `/etc/nri/nri.conf` with the following content:

```yaml
disableConnections: false
```

This will enable externally launched NRI plugins to connect and register

> themselves with NRI.

Reviewer: this needs a bit more explanation... to describe how the plugin connects over grpc/ttrpc 

maybe will be shown in the pic?

Author: I added a few paragraphs explaining more what that configuration setting controls, how, and why.
